- 1.x=3.14, the value of eval('x+10') is

  - [ ] A.‘13.14’

  - [x] B.13.14

  - [ ] C.‘x+10’

  - [ ] D.error

- 2.Which of the following statement will not print "hello world" in a single line?

  - [x] A.print('''helloWorld''')

  - [ ] B.print('hello world')

  - [ ] C.print('hello \wordl')

  - [ ] D.print("hello world")

- 3.z = 12.34+34j, the value of z.imag is

  - [ ] A.12.12

  - [ ] B.34

  - [ ] C.12

  - [x] D.34.0

- 4.Which of the following assign statement is illegal?

  - [ ] A.a, b = b, a

  - [ ] B.a = b= 1

  - [ ] C.a=1; b=1

  - [x] D.a=( b=1)

- 5.The output of the following codes is 
s='1e10' 
if type(eval(s))==type(1.0): 
    print( True) 
else: 
    print(False)

  - [x] A.True

  - [ ] B.False

  - [ ] C.1

  - [ ] D.0

- 6.Which of the following is an invalid variable?

  - [ ] A.my_string_1

  - [x] B.1st_string

  - [ ] C.foo

  - [ ] D._

- 7.Which of the following cannot be a variable?

  - [ ] A.__init__

  - [x] B.in

  - [ ] C.it

  - [ ] D.on

- 8.What is the output of this expression, 3*1**3?

  - [ ] A.27

  - [ ] B.9

  - [x] C.3

  - [ ] D.1

- 9.What will be the output of the following Python code snippet?  
def example(a):  
a = a + '2'  
a = a*2  
return a  
example("hello")

  - [x] A.indentation Error

  - [ ] B.cannot perform mathematical operation on strings

  - [ ] C.hello2

  - [ ] D.hello2hello2

- 10.Which of the following is not a complex number?

  - [ ] A.k = 2 + 3j

  - [ ] B.k = complex(2, 3)

  - [x] C.k = 2 + 3l

  - [ ] D.k = 2 + 3J

- 11.Which of the following is incorrect?

  - [ ] A.x = 0b101

  - [ ] B.x = 0x4f5

  - [ ] C.x = 19023

  - [x] D.x = 03964

- 12.What is the value of the expression float(22//3+3/3)?

  - [ ] A.8

  - [x] B.8.0

  - [ ] C.8.3

  - [ ] D.8.33

- 13.What will be the output of the following Python code snippet?  
  bool("False")  
  bool()

  - [ ] A.True True

  - [ ] B.False True

  - [ ] C.False False

  - [x] D.True False

- 14.What will be the output of the following Python code?
['f', 't'][bool('spam')]

  - [x] A.t

  - [ ] B.f

  - [ ] C.No output

  - [ ] D.Error

- 15.a = 2, b = 2, c = 2.0, the output of print(a == b, a is b, a == c, a is c) is ____。
  - [x] A.True  True  True  False

  - [ ] B.True  True  False  False

  - [ ] C.True  False  True  False

  - [ ] D.True  True  True  True 

- 16.Which is NOT a keyword in Python?

  - [ ] A.while

  - [ ] B.except 

  - [x] C.do

  - [ ] D.pass

- 17.Python is a ______and______typed language.

  - [ ] A.static; weakly

  - [ ] B.static; strongly

  - [ ] C.dynamic; weakly

  - [x] D.dynamic; strongly

- 18.Which of the following choices is NOT a keyword in Python?  
  - [ ] A.raise

  - [ ] B.and

  - [x] C.catch

  - [ ] D.pass